update Nexus evaluate docs (#3204)
temporalio/documentation: docs/evaluate/development-production-features/index.mdx

- **[Interrupt a Workflow](/evaluate/development-production-features/interrupt-workflow)**: Cancel or terminate a business process (Workflow) that is already in progress and compensate for any steps already taken.
- **Runtime safeguards**: Prevent avoidable errors and issues from executing during runtime.
- **[Failure detection and mitigation](/evaluate/development-production-features/failure-detection)**: Detect failures with timeouts and configure automatic retries to mitigate them.

> - **[Temporal Nexus](/evaluate/nexus)**: Nexus allows you to reliably connect Temporal Applications. It was designed with Durable Execution in mind and enables each team to have their own Namespace for improved modularity, security, troubleshooting, and fault isolation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Temporal Nexus](/evaluate/nexus)**: Nexus allows you to connect Temporal Applications across isolated namespaces. This provides all of the benefits of Durable Execution across team and application boundaries for improved modularity, security, troubleshooting, and fault isolation.
```
